I am working on a project to understand the impact of regime type on climate change politics. The dependent variables I am considering are carbon emissions, investment in renewable energy, the share of energy consumption and/or production that is renewable, and oil and/or natural gas production and consumption. The key independent variables I want to include are a dichotomous democracy/autocracy measure, regime subtype (e.g., democracy, one-party autocracy, personalist autocracy, military dictatorship, etc.), the presence of authoritarian institutions (e.g., a constitution or legislature), a personalism score, and, if possible, measures of polarization within democracies or whether they are governed by a populist party. Controls should include area, population, urban concentration, GDP per capita, and other common variables you can think of. My current working framework is that democracies will be more likely than autocracies to invest in renewables and curb carbon emissions because they have larger winning coalitions through electoral accountability and therefore stronger incentives to provide public goods with diffuse benefits over longer time horizons. I then want to broaden this framework by highlighting variation across regime subtypes (e.g., autocracies with legislatures and parties may have wider coalitions and longer time horizons than personalist regimes). If data are available, I would also like to show that there is meaningful variation within democracies depending on polarization levels, the strength of populist parties (e.g., vote share), or whether populists are currently in power. Another potentially useful dependent variable would be whether a country is part of an international climate agreement or has signed one. Ideally, I want a country-year panel dataset going back as far as possible with the broadest coverage available, though coverage back to World War II would be sufficient. Let me know your thoughts, proposed plan, and any questions before you begin.